_episodes/2022-03-15-episode-15.md, before:

---
posted: true
guid: "AD291F86-BF13-46FB-B6F8-A11C2EDE84E5"
title: "Airdrops, privacy, ransomware"
subtitle: ""
description: "In episode 15, we discuss topics such as infrastructure components for setting up a Web3 project in the enterprise, making access lists, doing a big airdrop, using centralized images for NFTs, using indexers for NFTs, doxing private information on the blockchain, crypto supporting ransomware, and how to get your first open-source commit into the Solidity project."
time: "2022-03-15 18:00:00 -0500"
itunes-explicit: false
itunes-episode: 15
itunes-episodeType: full

# More info
discussion: https://twitter.com/fulldecent/status/1503870364677513217
youtube-full: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tiKs0eGS-X0

# Timeline
timeline:
  - seconds: 0
    title: Intro
  - seconds: 92
    title: Infrastructure components for setting up a Web3 project in the enterprise
  - seconds: 115
    title: How to make access lists
  - seconds: 310
    title: Doing a BIG airdrop
  - seconds: 661
    title: Using centralized images for NFTs

# File information
enclosure-url: "https://media.phor.net/csh/2022-03-15-episode-15.m4a"
enclosure-length: 30889211
enclosure-type: "audio/x-m4a"
itunes-duration: 1561

# CSH information
badges: []
---

## Quick notes and links

- [Will's travel schedule](https://phor.net/#speaking)
- [Project board](https://github.com/users/fulldecent/projects/2)

Commit message:

Add all backlog notes, fixes #4, fixes #5

_episodes/2022-03-15-episode-15.md, after:

---
posted: true
guid: "AD291F86-BF13-46FB-B6F8-A11C2EDE84E5"
title: "Airdrops, privacy, ransomware"
subtitle: ""
description: "In episode 15, we discuss topics such as infrastructure components for setting up a Web3 project in the enterprise, making access lists, doing a big airdrop, using centralized images for NFTs, using indexers for NFTs, doxing private information on the blockchain, crypto supporting ransomware, and how to get your first open-source commit into the Solidity project."
time: "2022-03-15 18:00:00 -0500"
itunes-explicit: false
itunes-episode: 15
itunes-episodeType: full

# More info
discussion: https://twitter.com/fulldecent/status/1503870364677513217
youtube-full: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tiKs0eGS-X0

# Timeline
timeline:
  - seconds: 0
    title: Intro
  - seconds: 92
    title: Infrastructure components for setting up a Web3 project in the enterprise
  - seconds: 115
    title: How to make access lists
  - seconds: 310
    title: Doing a BIG airdrop
  - seconds: 661
    title: Using centralized images for NFTs

# File information
enclosure-url: "https://media.phor.net/csh/2022-03-15-episode-15.m4a"
enclosure-length: 30889211
enclosure-type: "audio/x-m4a"
itunes-duration: 1561

# CSH information
badges: []
---

- [Will's travel schedule](https://phor.net/#speaking)
- [Project board](https://github.com/users/fulldecent/projects/2)

<!--end of quick notes-->

- [Ransomware is funded by US CEOs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nGmGYfV2UdE&list=PLaMigeN8Exx-ChNPpO-j6pFQ3F8oJWrBN&index=1)

MENTIONED LINKS

- Will's travel schedule https://phor.net/#speaking
- Project board https://github.com/users/fulldecent/projects/2
