---
posted: true
guid: "2CB59F0F-D661-4DE6-AB69-D6EBE423F47C"
title: Movement Labs & C2PA
subtitle: Can you build a blockchain business outside of EVM?
description: "In this episode, we critically analyze Movement Labs' approach to non-EVM interoperability and discuss the shortcomings of their proposed solutions. We also delve into the potential of C2PA and its limitations in ensuring content authenticity."
time: "2023-07-18 18:00:00 -0400"
itunes-explicit: false
itunes-episode: 85
itunes-episodeType: full

# More info
youtube-full: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=85
discussion: https://twitter.com/fulldecent/status/85

# Timeline
timeline:
  - seconds: 0
    title: Intro
  - seconds: 57
    title: Movement labs
  - seconds: 64
    title: Turn off lights
  - seconds: 307
    title: Non-EVM threshold
  - seconds: 389
    title: Why copy EVM?
  - seconds: 418
    title: EIP hot take
  - seconds: 613
    title: C2PA

# File information
enclosure-url: "https://media.phor.net/csh/2023-07-18-episode-85.m4a"
enclosure-length: 27134374
enclosure-type: "audio/x-m4a"
itunes-duration: 1326

# CSH information
badges:
  - type: stayed-to-end
    participant: fulldecent
  - type: stayed-to-end
    participant: dtedesco1
  - type: stayed-to-end
    participant: t012n4d0
  - type: stayed-to-end
    participant: vjdeliria
  - type: stayed-to-end
    participant: "037"
---

- [Movement Labs](http://Movementlabs.xyz) ([X](https://twitter.com/movementlabsxyz)): Toolchain for non-EVM smart contract languages
- [Coalition for Content Provenance and Authenticity, C2CA](https://c2pa.org/): Big companies working to tag images and content to identify the source, any better than YouTube Content ID?

<!--end of quick notes-->

- Review [http://Movementlabs.xyz](http://movementlabs.xyz) 
  - From their website: “MVMT Network brings modularity and interoperability to non-EVM smart contract languages and their respective ecosystems. Existing projects can frictionlessly deploy on Movement by integrating the MVMT Module. Movement will be the liquidity and accessibility hub for builders at the cutting edge of smart contract and modular development.”
  - Working with Avalanche
  - Interoperability with non-EVM
  - It’s hard to get started on non-EVMs
  - They want to help
  - But this adds a lot of technical debt – not good
  - Do we really need a cross-platform solution for a vertically integrated product?
  - Horizontal and vertical at the same time? Why?
  - When we see a non-evm project
    - How much money do you have?
    - How many people do you have?
    - How long have you been working?
  - Lots of problems with these start-up non-evm projects
  - They often miss red teaming! Maybe they are good at shipping features, but often have lots of huge security holes
  - Blockchain is just a consensus mechanism, you don’t need everything on blockchain
  - Please justify why this is necessary
  - Website lists 4 use cases
    - Defi – not necessary
    - Gaming – Basically NFTs
    - NFTs – Really necessary?
    - “Day 0 partners” – Not really a use case
- Discuss C2PA potential (moon dust!)
  - Coalition for Content Provenance and Authenticity
  - Reference video: [The future of "truth" on the Internet](https://youtu.be/-Bdb2KOb_zI)
  - Official website: https://c2pa.org/
  - Canon/Nikon in Japan had tried digital signing photos from early social media days
  - People have wanted to do this for a long time
  - Copyright issue – make it once and sell it until you die approach
  - Put a chip inside a camera that would do public key cryptography
    - Easily pirate-able – remove the watermark
    - Hard to mandate
    - Could hack the chip
    - Some are export restricted
    - Lots happens during the phototaking process. Photos are doctored – filters/auto-editing/color-corrected all the time. No one uses raw images.
  - DRM is on the downstream of this process
  - If we’re downstream in this process
    - No remixing – They are trying to make stationary products
  - Ways to do it
    - Add with metadata
    - “Water bottlecap”
    - “Watermark”
      - YouTube content id
  - Teenagers can always get around stuff
  - Whatever they come up with is probably not gonna be better than YouTube content id
    - Once C2PA actually comes out, it’s essentially fossilized
    - YouTube content id is a “cat and mouse game” whereas C2PA is a “mouse trap and mouse game”
  - Maybe they capture some of the market for ideas
  - HTCP – is the thing that stops you from recording videos on your TV
  - 