---
posted: true
guid: "66190F04-B2E6-4BD0-AEBF-D9E063FD506D"
title: European backdoor
subtitle: "How to implement the MiCA required backdoor"
description: Episode 79 on Community Service Hour discussing intelligent supply chain with @thewhyman and how to implement the European backdoor required by the Data Act. Is supply chain a viable application on blockchain? Let''s look at some existing applications. 
time: "2022-08-04 18:00:00 -0400"
itunes-explicit: false
itunes-episode: 79
itunes-episodeType: full

# More info
youtube-full: https://youtu.be/ib9A2YJj6q8
discussion: https://twitter.com/fulldecent/status/1666379118336954370

# Timeline
timeline:
  - seconds: 0
    title: Intro
  - seconds: 53
    title: Intelligent supply chain
  - seconds: 97
    title: Carbon disclosures
  - seconds: 164
    title: Internal company hackathon
  - seconds: 415
    title: The backdoor

# File information
enclosure-url: "https://media.phor.net/csh/2023-06-06-episode-79.m4a"
enclosure-length: 13551846
enclosure-type: "audio/x-m4a"
itunes-duration: 659

# CSH information
badges:
  - type: stayed-to-end
    participant: fulldecent
  - type: stayed-to-end
    participant: dtedesco1
  - type: stayed-to-end
    participant: "037"
  - type: stayed-to-end
    participant: thewhyman
  - type: stayed-to-end
    participant: cryptonerdylady
  - type: stayed-to-end
    participant: vjdeliria
  - type: stayed-to-end
    participant: yodude38
---

- [EY use case for ESG](https://www.ey.com/en_gl/blockchain-platforms/opschain-environmental-social-governance)
- [Origin Trail](https://origintrail.io/solutions)

<!--end of quick notes-->

- Workshop: How to implement the European kill switch (required for smart contracts) // part 2 of 3, regulators can access everything, everywhere, all at once
- ERC-XXXX kill switch plan A
- Do a selfie with anything with a serial number on it!
- Intelligent Supply Chain DAO - Leverage Ethereum Layer 2, Binance/Coinbase/GPay Wallet/Invoice, Arweave, AGI, ICP to create a simple dAPP to solve PO, Invoice, Inventory, Provenance Tracking, Small Recall for the End consumer, Scope 3 and Extremely Advanced Demand Planning & Automated Discounts, Defect reduction with bottom up approach. Gen 2: [TheWhyMan.Li/iSCaaSLinkedIn](http://thewhyman.li/iSCaaSLinkedIn)
  - Is this a viable solution? What do you see as possible challenges? 
  - You mentioned adoption as the key blocker for it? Having the solution on Web3 + AI prediction capabilities make it better?
  - Are there any teams that are working on this? What challenges are they facing?
    - https://origintrail.io/solutions
    - 
    - Yes, this is a very popular question—it is a top 3 question we get, right next to "what happens if I lose my metamask key?"—other teams that are working on this have been slow to launch. They have all focused on specific industry (fish, drug, …) and not broad.
  - Can this be funded by Ethereum Layer 2 or Near? Should Near be consider for implementation? What are the downsides? I connected with the core team, they are interested in the idea and waiting for details.
    - Easy question: whichever one pays you most. Blockchain adoption is directly related to getting funding.
    - The end customer does not know the difference
    - They are all the same
  - Also looking to find others working on this.

Tweet

1. Episode 79 on Community Service Hour discussing intelligent supply chain with @thewhyman and how to implement the European backdoor required by the Data Act.

2. Is supply chain a viable application on blockchain? Let's look at some existing applications:

3. The EY solution led by @pbrody is branded specifically after the ESG use case.

   Website is light on details, but EY does host in-person summits that are great if you are a serious candidate for this supply chain tech.

   https://www.ey.com/en_gl/blockchain-platforms/opschain-environmental-social-governance

4. @origin_trail is another solution, focused on technology first.

   That website is super buzzwordy, but if you look deep, they are also targeting these same use cases.

   https://origintrail.io/

5. Now onto the European Data Act and required backdoors for smart contracts. Our main recommendation is that you need to use Gnosis @safe or similar for any backdoor account. This allows you to create separate (and revocable) access for government. This increases accountability and avoids SBF-style "whupps we lost $415M" losses.