---
posted: true
guid: "65EE6FDD-C02D-4238-B21F-A091F5CC93B8"
title: 9M
subtitle: Modded, private game servers with just a click
# The description can be up to 400 characters
description: "Supporting Minecraft, Source Engine, Voice Servers, Rust, Terraria, The Forest, GTA V, ARK Survival Evolved, 7 Days To Die, GTA SA MP, Insurgency Sandstorm, Satisfactory, Call of Duty 4, Team Fortress 2 Classic, Unturned, Sons of the Forest, Red Dead Redemption 2, ARMA, Black Mesa, Quake Live, Starbound, Subnautica, Citadel: Forged with fire, Squad, Left 4 Dead, Left 4 Dead 2, Killing Floor 2,Icarus, Sven Co-op, DayZ, Palworld"
start-time: "2024-02-20T18:00:00-05:00"
itunes-explicit: false
itunes-episode: 113
itunes-episodeType: full
# More info
youtube-full: https://youtu.be/JPSqDHshEDU
discussion: UPDATE ME
# Timeline
timeline:
  - seconds: 0
    title: Intro
# File information
enclosure-url: "https://media.phor.net/csh/2024-02-20-episode-113.m4a"
enclosure-length: 19433332
enclosure-type: "audio/x-m4a"
itunes-duration: 943
tweets:
  - "Review of @QPRFC_ID One-click deploy for custom #Minecraft server and other games."
  - "Dozens of games supported [image of games]"
  - "Thank you @037 for sharing and props for joining @legend @yodude38"
participants:
  - "fulldecent"
  - "037"
  - "legend"
  - "yodude38"
---

[https://9m.ai/beta](9m.ai) "Gamemaster"

<!--end of quick notes-->

- https://9m.ai/beta: Login and registration is through your wallet (MetaMask is tested and working). You must be logged in to visit the other pages (otherwise, you will currently be redirected to `/`).

- Competing with Pterodactyl for Minecraft and other games.

- Allows minting NFTs that represent a server, with the token ID equaling the subdomain (e.g., token ID 1, 

  - You receive the server and can install any supported game on it.
  - Types of NFTs correspond to virtual machine specs.
  - Closely related to #DePIN.

- The server can expire, but the NFT and subdomain are owned forever. The server can be renewed by anyone using ETH.

- Depending on the server specs and the number of days a user wants to rent it, the cost will vary in ETH. Prices are stored on-chain and must be updated periodically to match current ETH prices. 

  https://9m.ai/beta/store.html

  - This system is similar to Google Cloud instances.

- Servers are utilized to host various modded game servers without the need for configuration knowledge. https://9m.ai/beta/host.html No need to worry about configuring DNS, SSL certificates, firewall, port forwarding, config files, etc.

- The panel allows you to back up your game server and download it too (in case you want to migrate from server to server). It supports restoring backups, changing settings for the game server (like setting the server password and other attributes), and turning the server on/off. https://9m.ai/beta/panel.html

- The panel also enables giving access to your servers to other people via wallet address, allowing them to manage it too.

- NFT metadata primarily consists of server specs. See https://opensea.io/collection/9m-ai.

- A smart contract records how many days a user rents server(s) for, this information is recorded at both the wallet level and NFT level, and may later be used to offer discounts.

  - Can do payment channels/auto rebill?

- The profit motive is straightforward: servers have an "idle" script, meaning if the server is not used, it is turned off automatically. The less the server is used, the more profit is earned since server costs are lower. The costs for NFT minting and renewals are the same, only upfront. In essence, if the server is used 24/7 for the rented days, no profit is earned.

  - Control includes turning the server on/off, MOTD, server password, backups and downloads, firewall rules (for hosting multiple games on one instance, planned for the future).

- ANYBODY can add money to the NFT to extend time on it.

- You can add mods to your server.

  - It raises the question: Can you sell mods?