_drafts/2023-01-31-episode-61.md, before:

---
guid: "30577DC8-111F-47DA-86A2-1C03618C7156"
title: "Dynamic QR (show and tell)"
description: "In this episode of Full Decent, they discuss the creation and use of dynamic QR codes and share an exciting new project that makes it easier than ever to update your codes. They also dive into the DAO Planning process and discuss the concept of non-consensual token community recovery."
pubDate: "Tue, 31 Jan 2023 18:00:00 -0500"
itunes-explicit: "no"
itunes-episode: 61
itunes-episodeType: full

# More info
youtube-full: https://youtu.be/nThUMZ8PIwE
discussion: https://twitter.com/fulldecent/status/1620681450575249409

# Timeline
timeline:
  - seconds: 0
    title: Intro
  - seconds: 35
    title: When happens when Eagles win a Superbowl?
  - seconds: 139
    title: "Show and tell: dynamic QR"
  - seconds: 284
    title: How does it work?
  - seconds: 370
    title: How to fork and run it?
  - seconds: 482
    title: Design decisions
  - seconds: 562
    title: Updates on Thank You token
  - seconds: 1044
    title: Can Thank Yous be negative?
  - seconds: 1071
    title: Non-consensual token recovery
  - seconds: 1136
    title: Build an on-chain time-based reputation?
  - seconds: 1221
    title: Tokens for cross-border community
  - seconds: 1453
    title: Web3 can fight internet suppression?
  - seconds: 1512
    title: Anonymous digital signatures


# File information
enclosure-url: "https://media.phor.net/csh/2023-01-31-episode-61.m4a"
enclosure-length: NEED_FINAL_FILE_WITH_METADATA_FOR_THIS
enclosure-type: "audio/x-m4a"
itunes-duration: NEED_FINAL_FILE_WITH_METADATA_FOR_THIS
---

Commit message:

Add notes to yaml script, add yaml for ep 60-84 (#5)
* Add notes to yaml script, add yaml for ep 60-84

* Merge new content into frontmatter 60-70

* Merge new data into the rest.

* rm extra newlines and spaces from descriptions

_drafts/2023-01-31-episode-61.md, after:

---
guid: "30577DC8-111F-47DA-86A2-1C03618C7156"
title: "Dynamic QR (show and tell)"
description: '''In this episode, the Eagles'' Super Bowl prospects are discussed, a demonstration of dynamic QR codes is given, and Thank You tokens are updated. Conversations about on-chain, time-based reputation, tokens for cross-border communities, and the struggle against web censorship using Web3 technology also feature prominently.''' 
pubDate: "Tue, 31 Jan 2023 18:00:00 -0500"
itunes-explicit: "no"
itunes-episode: 61
itunes-episodeType: full

# More info
youtube-full: https://youtu.be/nThUMZ8PIwE
discussion: https://twitter.com/fulldecent/status/1620681450575249409

# Timeline
timeline:
  - seconds: 0
    title: Intro
  - seconds: 35
    title: When happens when Eagles win a Superbowl?
  - seconds: 139
    title: "Show and tell: dynamic QR"
  - seconds: 284
    title: How does it work?
  - seconds: 370
    title: How to fork and run it?
  - seconds: 482
    title: Design decisions
  - seconds: 562
    title: Updates on Thank You token
  - seconds: 1044
    title: Can Thank Yous be negative?
  - seconds: 1071
    title: Non-consensual token recovery
  - seconds: 1136
    title: Build an on-chain time-based reputation?
  - seconds: 1221
    title: Tokens for cross-border community
  - seconds: 1453
    title: Web3 can fight internet suppression?
  - seconds: 1512
    title: Anonymous digital signatures


# File information
enclosure-url: "https://media.phor.net/csh/2023-01-31-episode-61.m4a"
enclosure-length: NEED_FINAL_FILE_WITH_METADATA_FOR_THIS
enclosure-type: "audio/x-m4a"
itunes-duration: NEED_FINAL_FILE_WITH_METADATA_FOR_THIS

# CSH information
badges:
  - type: stayed-to-end
    recipient: fulldecent
  - type: stayed-to-end
    recipient: dtedesco1
  - type: stayed-to-end
    recipient: VjDeliria
  - type: stayed-to-end
    recipient: Rito_Rhymes
  - type: stayed-to-end
    recipient: '037'
  - type: stayed-to-end
    recipient: cryptonerdylady
  - type: stayed-to-end
    recipient: exstalis
  - type: stayed-to-end
    recipient: yodude38

---
